= Moonshine Solr

A Moonshine[http://github.com/railsmachine/moonshine] plugin to install the Solr search engine as a servlet in the Jetty server.

Please take the time to read through this README to make sure you know what's going on.

== Assumptions

* By default the Jetty server runs as Moonshines deploy user (e.g. <tt>rails</tt>).
* This plugin assumes that your Solr data is living in <tt>DEPLOY_TO/shared/solr/data/RAILS_ENV</tt>, which is symlinked to <tt>RAILS_ROOT/solr/data/RAILS_ENV</tt>. That means that your deploy user should have write access to this directory. This could be achieved by setting up a Capistrano task that chmods the Solr data directory for you, e.g.
    namespace :deploy do
      task :symlink_solr, :roles => :web, :except => { :no_release => true } do
        # Make sure the solr data directory exists
        run "sudo ruby -r fileutils -e \"FileUtils.mkdir_p('#{shared_path}/solr/data/#{rails_env}')\""

        # Symlink it to the application
        run "ln -nfs #{shared_path}/solr/data #{release_path}/solr/data"

        # Chown it so it's writable by the rails user
        run "sudo chown -R rails:rails #{shared_path}/solr/data/#{rails_env}/"
      end
    end
* In <tt>RAILS_ROOT/config/deploy.rb</tt> you would then call this task with:
    after "moonshine:apply", "deploy:symlink_solr"

== Instructions

* Install the plugin: <tt>rails plugin install git://github.com/marceldegraaf/moonshine_solr.git</tt>
* Configure settings if needed (see Notes below for more info)
    configure(
      :solr => {
        :port => 8182,
        :use_my_config_files => %w(schema.xml solrconfig.xml) # or :all
      }
    )
* Invoke the recipe(s) in your Moonshine manifest
    recipe :solr

* Update your sunspot.yml to point to Jetty's port
    production:
      solr:
        hostname: localhost
        port: 8182
        log_level: WARNING

== Notes

The <tt>:port</tt> option is optional and defaults to <tt>8182</tt>.

The <tt>:use_my_config_files</tt> option tells Moonshine which Solr config files should be copied from your app's source tree instead of using the file provided with the moonshine_solr plugin.
Please note that your local config files MUST be in <tt>RAILS_ROOT/solr/conf</tt> and can only be one of:
* elevate.xml
* schema.xml
* solrconfig.xml
* spellings.txt
* stopwords.txt
* synonyms.txt

To easily use all of your local versions of the Solr config files, use <tt>:use_my_config_files => :all</tt>.

For all configuration files that aren't copied from your app's source tree, the templates from this plugin will be used. These are the default XML files as provided by Sunspot. If you feel these are the wrong defaults, please send me a message or fork, fix and request a pull.

== Contribute?

Feel free to fork away, I'd be happy to merge your pull requests (as long as they're useful).
